hey dude Stan we were doing a video with
Kate King Llane which at last
yep and she's gonna be doing my makeup
I've never had anyone do my makeup you
live once so you might as well try dang
a makeover
yeah beauty guru so I'm gonna get I'm
going to do this cuz I'm going for the
natural look this is a brown eyeshadow
there's a lot of Browns I'm gonna put it
on great explanation
okay stop stop maybe like touching my
face I know I've never had this done
before don't squint your eyes yeah okay
going better than I ever thought I just
looked like I've two black eyes you
wanna have two black eyes no I'm good
thank you going to be a beautiful
butterfly okay look at me
no that's just be a show so you can open
your eyes now I'm gonna do I win what is
another thing that goes yep ah if I can
do it go for it my husband's so fast
right in girl firm you look like I have
lipstick already like when I was
interesting my my last video you look
like I had lipstick by done it's just
cuz my right hand my lip is look right
to you I don't wear lipstick guys yet
yet I mean I'm probably okay guys look
at this like what is scarab yeah I mean
they have like bristles and some brush
to stab you in the eye vas yeah oh good
good job well done okay keep your eye
open
and then I'm gonna put like close your
eyes okay but look like look up and I'll
tell you to blink okay huorchi not like
that humor Stalin died you know I'm
gonna look like I'm just blushing like
like a china doll yeah it's like
constantly I mean if I laugh or smile my
eyes go all the trophies here's for the
kicker bright red lipstick okay now just
rub your lips together this feels like
way too much no like is you moving
around and like spots and it fades but
um yep I think you're good minds like
the corners but oh well I am so ready to
see how pretty
wow I look amazing thank you thank you
thank do you want take it up a notch you
know get one of my process sure yes okay
so this is my might have my look thank
you for watching guys if you want to go
subscribe go check out her channel and
stuff she does beauty guru vlogs though
she doesn't she does like she does why I
do so she like travels and vlogs and
stuff and this is a cat look how door
subscribe for me and make it yeah like
oh like a box or on it you can click on
it leave a like down below if you
enjoyed the video comment another thing
that I should try out for the first time
or do challenge and stuff too I look so
much like a girl I know how do you think
I subscribe down below if you want to
see more of not this face my normal face
I might do this again
Tumbo yes subscribe to my channel and as
usual keep up the good vibes